Add support for NBI fetching AMOs (#247)
openshmem-org/specification: content/shmem_atomic_compare_swap_nbi.tex

      is performed on the default context.}
  \apiargument{OUT}{fetch}{Local data object to be updated.}
  \apiargument{OUT}{dest}{The remotely accessible data object to be updated on
      the remote \ac{PE}. }
  \apiargument{IN}{cond}{\VAR{cond} is compared to the remote \VAR{dest}
      value. If \VAR{cond} and the remote \VAR{dest} are equal, then \VAR{value}
      is swapped into the remote \VAR{dest}; otherwise, the remote \VAR{dest} is
      unchanged.}
  \apiargument{IN}{value}{The value to be atomically written to the remote
      \ac{PE}. }
  \apiargument{IN}{pe}{An integer that indicates the \ac{PE} number upon which
      \VAR{dest} is to be updated.}
\end{apiarguments}

\apidescription{
    The nonblocking conditional swap routines conditionally update a \VAR{dest}
    data object on the specified \ac{PE} as an atomic operation and fetches the prior contents of the
    \VAR{dest} data object into the \VAR{fetch} local data object.
    This routine returns after initiating the operation. The operation
    is considered complete after a subsequent call to \FUNC{shmem\_quiet}. At the
    completion of \FUNC{shmem\_quiet}, prior contents of the \VAR{dest} data

>     object is fetched into \VAR{fetch} local data object and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    object have been fetched into \VAR{fetch} local data object and the
```

>     contents of \VAR{value} is conditionally updated into \VAR{dest} on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    contents of \VAR{value} have been conditionally updated into \VAR{dest} on the
```
